[docs] add shell completion instruction (#580)
acorn-io/acorn: docs/docs/30-installation/01-installing.md

[Linux](https://cdn.acrn.io/cli/default_linux_amd64_v1/acorn), and
[Windows](https://cdn.acrn.io/cli/default_windows_amd64_v1/acorn.exe)

### Shell completion

> For best developer experience, shell autocompletion is provided, but the acorn cli subcommand is hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Acorn CLI supports command autocompletion. If you installed acorn using homebrew, this is already configured for you. If you installed using the manual or curl|sh method, you must enable shell completion yourself.

```

> To set autocompletion for the actual terminal session, use the matching shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set autocompletion for the current terminal session, use the command that matches your shell:
```
